# Container-LSP

## Executive Summary
In previous two articles I have discussed in detail how to handle increasing traffic demand in MPLS backbone by using Faster Auto bandwidth adjustment (https://github.com/kashif-nawaz/MPLS-Auto-BW-Junos) and by deploying Class of Service CoS (https://github.com/kashif-nawaz/MPLS-Backbone-Class-Of-Service-Design-Principles) but those arrangements are sufficient to meet demand in traffic increase. In addition to faster auto bandwidth adjustment and CoS parallel LSPs are required between 2 PEs (ideally on distinct paths) so that traffic could load balanced over equal cost multipath links.  This combination will provide an ideal recipe to handle increasing traffic needs but it would add another challenge i.e always provisioned parallel LSP will add overhead in RSVP control plane by maintaining the RSVP reservation.  So is possible to optimize this solution in a way that par rale LSP should be created dynamically as per traffic needs, answer is yes , Traffic Engineering (TE++) or Container LSP solve this problem. It enables an operator to configure LSP template to be used to dynamically create parallel LSPs based on increasing traffic demand and once demands is reduced parallel LSP would be torn down. This arrangement will reduce control plane overhead caused by pre provisioned parallel LSPs. 

Juniper Networks has published an excellent white paper (https://www.juniper.net/assets/es/es/local/pdf/whitepapers/2000587-en.pdf) to define all the classical problems related to traffic load sharing in MPLS backbone network and how those problems would be addressed using Container LSP. But that paper does not talk about operative part and in this wiki I will endeavor to describe operative part of Container LSP.

